Typed workflows (#6881)
nextflow-io/nextflow: docs/reference/cli.md

`-dump-channels`
: Dump channels for debugging purpose.

> : This option can specify one or more tags as a comma-separated list to only dump channels with a matching tag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: Optionally accepts a comma-separated list of tags to filter output to only channels with a matching tag.
```
